In this video, we are going to get into
starting to map out the JPA entity so
we're going to take the POJOs that we've
been working with and start mapping them
to JPA mappings and go through that
process. I think we have a pretty solid
object model right now that's going to
lend itself nicely to the JPA
mapping. We're going to follow a lot
what's been going on with the official
implementation of Spring Pet Clinic. I
am going to be working on issue number
36 in this video. We're going to focus on
mapping the owners to JPA entities and
the owners. It gives us a little more
complex object model to work with so
we're going to have to update several
entities with it. One of the things
here is that we are using inheritance so
I'm looking at the source code to Spring
Pet Clinic. You can see here on line
27, we have a MappedSuperclass. That
indicates that this object is not to
be created in the database that we
are expecting other classes to inherit
from it. So we can see that it inherits
from base entity, creates person, and we're
saying that hey, it's a MappedSuperclass. Other
things are going to  inherit from it.So the
owner does inherit from this class.
That's why we set things up. Now we do
have another JPA mapping there on line 30.
That is the column annotation.
This sets up the the naming
convention for the database column, so
this says, this is what we're going to
expect the database columns to be.
Then line 31, not empty. This is a
validation constraint. I'm not going to
implement the validation constraints at
this time. So important note there, if
you're following along with these Spring
stuff, there's a whole section on the
course on validation. I think if my
memory serves me right, it's right after
this section. We're going to get into
implementing it there so I'm going to skip
over any validation constraints at this
point in time. In this section, we were
focusing specifically on JPA mappings. So
I'm going to jump over to IntelliJ.
We can see that we have Owner up. An
owner extends out person so I'm going to
just do command click and draw in the
person and we can see that person
implements base entity. This is a Mapped
Superclass, and just like that, we also
want to put that annotation on our
Person class because the way we are
setting things up, we'll never actually
work with a Person POJO per se. We're
going to be extending out from that. Now
there's a couple other things that we
want to do here is, we can use the JPA
annotation for column.
Let's give this a name.
It's important here. I don't think I've
used Column annotation
yet in the class. You might be a... you
did use this before with the other
JPA mappings that we did. Now by default
Hibernate, there's different naming
strategies that we can use. I was
allowing Hibernate to do the database
mappings before and figure it out. So by
default, Hibernate is going to snake case.
This first capital N for name, that's
called camel case, and then using an
underscore between keywords, so first
underscore name, that is called snake
case. Hibernate, by default, is going to
be doing that anyway so being a little
bit redundant but we're being explicit
and I wanted to introduce that here to
show you guys in another annotation. So
let's come back over to Owner. Now Owner,
we're going to declare that as an entity.
You can see there, I've brought
in the javax.persistence entity. It's
on the JPA specification. Now I can also
do a table. That's also out of
javax.persistence.And now this table here, I
can do name and I want to say owners
like so, so that sets up in the owner
table as owners inside the database. Now
let's go ahead and declare column names
for our properties here so I'll do at...
You can see, I'm just going through
naming these columns.
This is setting up what will be
the database name.
Now we get into pets. Pets is a little
more. We have to set up some mapping
there as well and this is where we set
up a relationship mapping. So here, what
we want to do is say a one-to-many.
So that's setting up that we're going to
have many pets here. I'm going to
setup a cascade.
Though the setting up some of the
mapping properties. So CascadeType, when
I delete something here, if I delete an
owner, then that is going to cascade down.
So if I have pets and I delete the owner
of the pet, the pets will also get
deleted, so that's what we want to be
setting up here. This completes the
mapping for the Owner entity. But now,
we need to need to go through and
address the other entities as well, so if
we come in and let's take a look at Pet.
Now the Pet also becomes
an entity. Let's give him a
table
and we'll call that pets.
Now let's do a ColumnName here.
Name equals name.
And now, you can see here how we have an
Owner owner here on line 21. This relates
back to this mapping. So we're saying
this set here, it's going to be mapped by
owner so it's being mapped by this owner
property. In this case, it's going to
be a many-to-one.
And now, we're setting up a joint
column. That tells Hibernate basically
our JPA how to do the mapping and how
these two entities are going to be
related at the database level so we're
expecting at the database level that we
will have an owner ID property on the
pet record. Now we also have the
birthdate here. Let's go ahead and
complete that.
Then lastly, we also have PetType,
that's going to be another entity that
we need to map here. That's going to be a
many to one.
We also need to specify JoinColumn for this.
So now, we're going to set that up as a
type_id.
We also had to set up PetType so
let's come over here to PetType.
This is going to get annotated with
Entity.
We'll give it a table name as well.
I'm going to be consistent with
what the Spring Pet Clinic has done and
they just called this types.
Let's go through and review what
we did here. So Person. Person, which is
the mapped superclass, we added in the MappedSuperclass annotation. Provided column
names for that and then we came back
over here to Owner, which inherits from
Person. We made Owner an Entity,
saying that it's going to be a JPA
entity mapped to the table of owners. We
set up column mappings. You can see there
for address, city, and telephone, we set up
column mappings, and then on line 23, we
set up a one-to-many relationship, saying
that this owner every owner can have
multiple pets, and then we went into pets.
Pets is now going to be a JPA entity
as well. Table name of pets, we set up the
column names there. You can see there at
line 13, we set up for the property name.
It goes to the column name of name, and
then, we set up also relationships to PetType. This is going to have a PetType,
a singular petType and mapped by the
join column of type ID, type underscore
ID, and then also similar relationship to
owners, so every pet is going to have an
owner and we're going to map by owner ID.
Then finally, on line 24 there, you
can see that we set up a name for the
column name of birthdate for the
property birthdate. And then finally, our
last entity here for pet type, we set the
PetType up as an Entity and then
created the table types. We're saying
that types there. Then on line 14, we
can see that we're giving a column name
of name to the property name. Overall, we
have three entities that we defined even
though we modified four classes. You can
see there, we've modified four classes in
this video, but three of them are going
to be entities. We will have owners table,
a pets table, and a types table created
in our database when we move forward
with this. At this time, I'm going to
consider this issue done because we
completed the mappings for the Owner
entity, which is the objective here. So
this is issue number 36. Right now, I'm
not going to bring this up and test it.
I'm going to convert over the other
entities as well. It's a chance error
if I ran it right now, something would it
be unhappy. I would not be surprised
if something blew up but we are in the
process of doing the JPA mapping. Once
we get it all done, we will go and check
for errors.
I'm going to come in here
commit the directory and that was issue
36.
This will close out number six. I'm
going to come
push it up to GitHub, which will close
out that issue.